The main focus of Turing’s work at Bletchley was in cracking the ‘Enigma’ code.
The Enigma was a type of enciphering machine used by the German armed forces to
send messages securely. Although Polish mathematicians had worked out how to
read Enigma messages and had shared this information with the British, the
Germans increased its security at the outbreak of war by changing the cipher
system daily. This made the task of understanding the code even more difficult.

Turing played a key role in this, inventing – along with fellow code-breaker
Gordon Welchman – a machine known as the Bombe. This device helped to
significantly reduce the work of the code-breakers. From mid-1940, German Air
Force signals were being read at Bletchley and the intelligence gained from
them was helping the war effort.

In 1952, Alan Turing was arrested for homosexuality – which was then illegal in
Britain. He was found guilty of ‘gross indecency’ (this conviction was
overturned in 2013) but avoided a prison sentence by accepting chemical
castration. In 1954, he was found dead from cyanide poisoning. An inquest ruled
that it was suicide.

The legacy of Alan Turing’s life and work did not fully come to light until
long after his death. His impact on computer science has been widely
acknowledged: the annual ‘Turing Award’ has been the highest accolade in that
industry since 1966. But the work of Bletchley Park – and Turing’s role there
in cracking the Enigma code – was kept secret until the 1970s, and the full
story was not known until the 1990s. It has been estimated that the efforts of
Turing and his fellow code-breakers shortened the war by several years. What is
certain is that they saved countless lives and helped to determine the course
and outcome of the conflict.
